How did that happen?
Here comes the cold-faced monster
Who knew he was so strong now?
You were no match for the queen
Hey, let's not talk about this
Why did he come to Yunzhou?
They're not here to fight you, are they?
Do you really not know or pretend not to know?
Xuan
The Little Dragon King will hold an alliance chief meeting in two days
The only one competing with him is me, the Overlord
And Tiger King
Overlord is not good at fighting
Xiaohu is no match for him
So he sent the soldiers to come and eradicate me first
This is not Xiaolong's style
He loves to fight the most
Since he is willing to fight for the position of leader of the alliance
He shouldn't have used such underhanded means
The person they really want to deal with is you
I have quit the arena
I will not attend this alliance leader conference
They will force you to participate
What do you mean?
The Dragon King rejoices greatly
He doesn't beat you in public
Even if he becomes the leader of this alliance
The world will still only recognize the previous Black Emperor
Who would take him, the Dragon King, seriously?
The underground world is powerful
He will definitely force you to participate
What if I can't save it?
How did he force me?
Zhenzhen